README.md, before:

# ESX Drugs CNX Rewrite

A script for selling drugs to the NPC of your map.

# Dependencies

1.) ESX_Phone

# Installation

1.) Clone or Download

2.) Place anywhere inside your resource folder

3.) Add start drugscnxrewrite to your server config file

# Editing Notifications

Editing notifications is easy and can be done in corresponding locale.lua script. Simply open them in your favorite text editor and search for the notification you wish to change. Then edit it so what you would like it to say. If you need more detailed help, please do not hesitate to contact me!

# Editing Variables

Editing variables can be done by opening config.lua and changing the values that are in place.

# Credits

This resource is an overhaul of the esx_sell resource by ExoticNx, esx_npcdrugsells by x0Z3ro0x, and the base esx_drugs resource by ESX-org. This is a rewrite of the 3 to blend them into a single resource in an attempt to simplify things and consolidate. Also in a hope to make things much easier to maintain and adjust on server admins at a future time.

# Legal



This program Is free software: you can redistribute it And/Or modify it under the terms Of the GNU General Public License As published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 Of the License, Or (at your option) any later version.

This program Is distributed In the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty Of MERCHANTABILITY Or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License For more details.

You should have received a copy Of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If Not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Commit message:

Base esx_drugs rewrite
set up _resources.lua
moved many things to config.lua for easier location and setting
changed default locale to en
changed client.lua & server.lua tp work with new config.lua
added comments to everything
Updated readme.md
added contact info

README.md, after:

# ESX Drugs CNX Rewrite

A script for selling drugs to the NPC of your map.

# Dependencies

1.) ESX_Phone

# Installation

1.) Clone or Download

2.) Place anywhere inside your resource folder

3.) Add start drugscnxrewrite to your server config file

# Editing Notifications

Editing notifications is easy and can be done in corresponding locale.lua script. Simply open them in your favorite text editor and search for the notification you wish to change. Then edit it so what you would like it to say. If you need more detailed help, please do not hesitate to contact me!

# Editing Variables

Editing variables can be done by opening config.lua and changing the values that are in place. Some list what needs to be adjusted in server.lua or client.lua if options are used.

Can add a custom drug at anytime, just replicate variables and functions for each added custom drug. If you need more detailed help, please do not hesitate to contact me!

# Credits

This resource is an overhaul of the esx_sell resource by ExoticNx, esx_npcdrugsells by x0Z3ro0x, and the base esx_drugs resource by ESX-org. This is a rewrite of the 3 to blend them into a single resource in an attempt to simplify things and consolidate. Also in a hope to make things much easier to maintain and adjust on server admins at a future time.

# Legal

This program Is free software: you can redistribute it And/Or modify it under the terms Of the GNU General Public License As published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 Of the License, Or (at your option) any later version.

This program Is distributed In the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty Of MERCHANTABILITY Or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License For more details.

You should have received a copy Of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If Not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

# Contact Info

Email: lownignitus@gmail.com
Discord: Lown Ignitus#1183
Twitter: @lownignitus
